README.md, before:

# Vanilla Dashboard Theme

This is the Vanilla Framework theme for dashboard based websites.

## Theme local development

The simplest way to run Vanilla dashboard theme is to first [install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (Linux users may need to [add your user to the `docker` group](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/linux-postinstall/)), and then use the `./run` script to build the site:

``` bash
./run build  # Build the CSS into the ./build/ directory
# or
./run watch  # Dynamically watch for changes to the Sass files and build automatically
```

### Viewing patterns in the browser

The [examples directory](https://github.com/vanilla-framework/vanilla-dashboard-theme/tree/develop/examples) contains example markup for each component of the framework.

To view these examples in the browser, run the local server with:

``` bash
./run serve
```

Once the containers are setup, you can visit <http://0.0.0.0:8102/vanilla-dashboard-theme/> in your browser to see the examples.

Commit message:

Announce the decommission of themes

README.md, after:

# This codebase is no longer supported by the Canonical web team
All themes are being migrated to Vanilla framework itself. Therefore, any amendments or additions to this theme should be submitted to Vanilla framework.
https://github.com/vanilla-framework/vanilla-framework

---

# Vanilla Dashboard Theme

This is the Vanilla Framework theme for dashboard based websites.

## Theme local development

The simplest way to run Vanilla dashboard theme is to first [install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (Linux users may need to [add your user to the `docker` group](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/linux-postinstall/)), and then use the `./run` script to build the site:

``` bash
./run build  # Build the CSS into the ./build/ directory
# or
./run watch  # Dynamically watch for changes to the Sass files and build automatically
```

### Viewing patterns in the browser

The [examples directory](https://github.com/vanilla-framework/vanilla-dashboard-theme/tree/develop/examples) contains example markup for each component of the framework.

To view these examples in the browser, run the local server with:

``` bash
./run serve
```

Once the containers are setup, you can visit <http://0.0.0.0:8102/vanilla-dashboard-theme/> in your browser to see the examples.
